Hello guys and welcome to this video it's time to connect with our Google Analytics account from our
blog.
All you need to do is go to the plugins.
There is an amazing plugin that almost every blogger on earth use.
OK.
And that is Google Analytics blogging by Joost the same person that is providing us this.
As you get search for Google Analytics by.
OK.
This person this man used is very famous.
He has a lot of plug ins but my favorite ones are.
And Google Analytics.
So this is the first one can start a lot you can see it has one million active installs one plus million
or more than 1 million okay to install love.
And we are going to get over blogging that going to download and install and then we are going to pivot
that block into our blog and then we will go to the setting and connect with other entities.
Okay activate it.
So after activating we will see it right here.
Okay.
After the dashboard I think.
Let's see.
Okay.
After the dashboard here is analytics.
So we go to settings on this and it's by yours by clicking on this or on this or going to the settings.
My battery is low.
OK.
So this is it.
Now it's time to connect with our Google Analytics account.
All you need to do is click on this pen to get with what you have.
We have biometric You can also add the code there we I just shouldn't use the code that I said that
is important.
Again you can also enter that code and we can all play by clicking on the Google account.
I always use this.
And by activating by this method clicking on this method and what we do we also see the dashboard.
But if we use the manually code you will not see the dashboard but I recommend you use this.
By the by looking on these dashboard will be activated and you can see where it is coming from from.
OK we don't need to go to the Google Earth account and track our traffic there OK you can track by the
Dashboard.
But for this dashboard you need to attempt to get by this method on this.
Then we will see 10.
OK.
Log into your account by the account that you just signed up.
Make sure you are logged into Google by the account you just signed up for analytics.
Again allow copy.
OK.
And when are considered and best.
See a condition.
Gay.
There were no injuries years to save.
OK.
I know because I have already connected with my I am already connected with my card but I promise you
will not get this letter.
OK.
Alfred of connecting with the Google account.
All you need to do is click on this and select the profile.
And that is just one moment.
OK.
The blog that we just provided a link of for kids is von mirk mental agaves mature use like this.
And you don't need to provide the link you will provide the link of your blog.
So these I have three settings right now because I have already entered my course is here to protect
ADFA grade is different coming from of these courses.
But you not have these two.
We only have this one the name of your website.
And this really got all the data.
Pitsea genius I will get the error because I am already connected with it.
That's why I'm getting the error.
But you will not get the error.
OK.
Contagion is
OK if getting saved this time do it.
You have given me the error.
That's awesome.
OK.
So you guys are watching this video.
No you guys know how to do it.
Just set up Google is account first then install this plugin and then connect this in with your Google
Analytics quarterback clicking on this link and link up with the code and paste in the box and then
select the data.
There is just one at the end.
And then see if Jenny is OK.
No the dashboard is all set.
We did call we used this method so I'm going to go to the dashboard
see.
Right now we have nothing.
OK.
But you definitely have something here because we have connected another blog.
We have not click in our blog but when you connect to your blog you will see nothing.
You will see nothing.
We are just a box here that will providing you some instructions.
Just ignore that box OK.
You will not have these two sessions.
OK.
Many people reporting report you will not have anything here.
And that's because that's because like I said it takes 24 hours to update.
OK.
So wait until 24 hours passed and after 24 hours you will see the traffic coming to your blog.
When you upload your blog and connected with this and wait 24 hours and then you will see these graphs.
Otherwise you will not see them again.
So I think you guys are watching this video.
I know you guys know how to connect with a great lady's account and I see you in the next video.